Boltwarden for Windows 11 x64 — unsigned preview

This preview is unsigned. Windows may display download or publisher warnings.
Use a test vault when evaluating it. SSH agent support is not included; SSH
vault items can still be viewed and edited. Windows 10 and native ARM64 are
not certified. Capture exclusion is best effort, not a security boundary.

Installer: installs for the current user without administrator access.
Start-menu shortcuts are included. Desktop shortcut, sign-in autostart,
and Chrome/Edge/Firefox registration are optional and initially unchecked.

ZIP: extract every file into one directory. Run boltwarden.exe. Keep
boltwarden-native-host.exe beside it. Application data lives under
%LOCALAPPDATA%\Boltwarden for both downloads; the ZIP is not a portable vault.

Run these commands from PowerShell in the extracted or installed directory:
  .\boltwarden.exe window
  .\boltwarden.exe toggle
  .\boltwarden.exe --daemon
  .\boltwarden.exe install-browser --browser all
  .\boltwarden.exe uninstall-browser --browser all
  .\boltwarden.exe quit

Browser registration is also available in Settings > Browser integration.
Install the separate Boltwarden browser extension and pair each profile.
Chrome and Edge use the Chromium extension; Firefox uses the Firefox build.
Registration does not install extensions or bypass enterprise browser policies.
The native host requires an already running Boltwarden daemon.

Set a global shortcut in Settings > General > Quick access shortcut. Record or
select a combination and Apply. Conflicts preserve the previous shortcut. Clear
removes it. The shortcut works while Boltwarden is running, even when locked;
the installer's optional sign-in autostart keeps it available after login.

Before moving a ZIP installation, unregister its browsers and quit Boltwarden.
After moving, register again from the new directory. Foreign registrations are
not overwritten. Do not run installer and ZIP copies at the same time.

Quit before upgrading; unsaved edits must be saved first. Uninstall removes this
installation's browser registration and sign-in entry, while keeping settings,
encrypted sessions, encrypted offline vault data, and paired-browser records.
To remove that data, use another account / clear offline data in the app first,
or deliberately delete %LOCALAPPDATA%\Boltwarden after quitting.

Passwords expire from the clipboard after 45 seconds unless another application
has replaced the contents. Copies opt out of Windows clipboard history/cloud
sync. Other clipboard tools and software running as your user remain trusted.
